Add `UnionToTuple` type (#167)
sindresorhus/type-fest: readme.md

- [`ConditionalPick`](source/conditional-pick.d.ts) - Like `Pick` except it selects properties from a shape where the values extend the given `Condition` type.
- [`ConditionalExcept`](source/conditional-except.d.ts) - Like `Omit` except it removes properties from a shape where the values extend the given `Condition` type.

> - [`UnionToIntersection`](source/union-to-intersection.d.ts) - Convert a union type to an intersection type.
> - [`UnionToTuple`](source/union-to-tuple.d.ts) - Convert an explicit union type to a tuple.

Reviewer: `UnionToIntersection` says `Convert a union type to an intersection type.`

I would expect this one to say something like:

```suggestion
- [`UnionToIntersection`](source/union-to-intersection.d.ts) - Convert a union type to an intersection type.
- [`UnionToTuple`](source/union-to-tuple.d.ts) - Convert a user defined union type to a tuple type. Order can not be guaranteed on computed union types.
```

Author: I think this is clearer.
